yeah what's up YouTube can I do a it's a
basketball of you on the LeBron seventh
and just an update with your boy you
forgetting played with the LeBron seven
time for the first time fat these for a
while and man then I beautiful shoe
beautiful i got some comments on them
now wearing them with the with two white
high atop socks well crew socks whatever
anyways and you know it performed well
you know the top is light but you can
definitely tell like that there's so
much more weight on the bottom on the
soul of this you know i mean i've been
playing in these comfy forms for a long
time you promised you news to the other
videos but I've been playing these in
long time but I'm fighting these
yesterday and the lunar phone broke down
on me got in here underneath my big toe
on the right shoe it's it's it's like a
centimeter I mean I've probably got a
centimeter of like lunar foam underneath
that big toe because I guess that's just
where I pushed off of all time so I mean
these guys had made a good five months
four months up like that great best wall
shoe I would buy another one but you
know there's just so many more options
that you can try out now and so I tried
out the zoom zoom lebron seventh and you
know i mean just at the end of playing
ball tonight and you know like an hour
and a half later i was just like man I'm
not going to feel how heavy these really
are compared to the copy force so I mean
it i mean it's it's it's anyone Joyce
you know that's a personal preference
I'm just giving you my two cents on it I
mean it's it's a comfortable shoe the
soul is a real company it's just I've
been planning these and switch to those
I think there's like a five-ounce day
for
in the wait I'm not really sure about
that don't quote me but and then I also
i got these for beating a dude
one-on-one so I earned these the other
day and man these are beautiful shoes I
love these LeBron tubes they're
beautiful and I mean I got I got them
and they use but I mean I cleaned them
up use that magic eraser Thank You Jay
stock for that info and there's the
other one these are six shoes and then
they're really comfortable and
everything I might might start bawling
on these but I'm kind of afraid to just
get through the dead stock on their good
condition right now put a just to just
letting you guys know what's going on I
don't think I'm going to be picking up
much of any more shoes for a while and
that's why I get a pair of Jim Crow
fives next I'm really late and on since
I don't think these are going to do me
anything but yeah check out the sneaker
shoe box calm and shout out the case for
life you've been giving me many shadows
and tell my different one so check them
out check out stinky shoe box com we'll
see